Update text (#10)
fornax-navo/fornax-documentation: README.md

    * As far as I can tell, the best (AWS) option for actual controls -- beyond just "monitoring" support -- is [AWS Budgets Actions](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws-cloud-financial-management/get-started-with-aws-budgets-actions/).
    * AWS may charge *ingress* fees to bring data into an SMCE pod or user instance. This would be completely separate from any egress fees. There Someone working more directly on Fornax Daskhub would need to answer whether/how ingress applies.

> ### The SP will be most beneficial to use cases which:

Reviewer: all usage of `SP` will need to be reviewed and probably changed to `Fornax Console`?

  * `On demand` means an AWS server that starts when the user asks for it, and runs as long as you continue to use and pay for it.  This is in contrast to the `spot` servers at AWS which are used for short runs and are cheaper, but can be revoked at any time (per AWS needs)
  * 128 core: do not use unless given permission
### What is a kernel and how do I choose one?
  * In Jupyter, kernels are the background processes that execute cells and return results for display.
  * To select the kernel on which you want to run your Notebook, go to the Kernel menu and choose Change Kernel. You can also click directly on the name of the active kernel to switch to another.
    
## Navigating jupyter lab
### How do I start a new notebook?
  * The blue `+` in the upper left brings you to the launcher where you can start a new, empty notebook or open a terminal window
  * * ![new launcher](./new_launcher.png)
### How do I get a terminal window?
  * The blue `+` in the upper left brings you to the launcher where you can start a new notebook or open a terminal window

>   * ![terminal](./terminal.png)

Reviewer: maybe merge these two, e.g. `### How to start a new notebook / get a new window`? the text is shared but the screenshots are not

### How to upload data into the Fornax Science Console?
  * The `uparrow` in the upper left allows you to upload data
  * ![upload_button](./upload_button.png)
  * if it is a large amount of data, consider creating a zip or tar archive first

>   * From within Jupyter Lab, you can also use the shell to 'scp' or 'git pull' from external sites that are publicly visible.

Reviewer: not sure what you mean by `git pull`, maybe rephrase?

```suggestion
  * From within Jupyter Lab, you can also use a terminal to transfer data with the usual methods (`scp`, `wget`, `curl` should all work).
```
